What is have guys in Malcolm X so before adding the slider I think that we should understand this Dimi
Bilour OK.
So I'm just going to click close and you can see that we have two sections right here.
This is the default one that is created.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to delete this so that I have only one section and here you
can see I have a slight array here.
Since we haven't added anything that is why this is coming right here.
OK.
If I just click this button you can see I can save it.
I can just click my and it just portability.
OK.
You'll understand this later on.
And then we have the history that the editing history that when we did some changes so if you're going
to reverted back we can reverted back.
OK.
And then we have this gear icon we can change the whole baid settings from here.
OK we can change the color or we can change the spacing.
We can go with the advance.
We can go to the performance.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work.
And then we have the cross section so it's going to take us to the bottom right here and then we have
to delete.
It's going to clear the whole layout.
OK you just click here.
Can see all your current page content will be lost if I just click here you can see every data is deleted
and everything is from start.
So this is how it works.
OK then we have this.
This is the save library function.
This is exactly like elementary if you want to create anything any more and you want to call it anywhere.
We can call it and then we have this guy right here Lord from library.
So if you want to call anything you can call it from library.
And then we have this thing right here so we can change the view of the page by clicking here.
OK zoom out and make the full of it again change the tablet mode and change the Mumbai mode.
And then we have this guy right here.
This is going to show us a normal mode that how everything is we have this section right here so we
can add any one section right here if we add full width you can see this is how it's going to appear.
And this is basically if you just click here again it's going to take it to the visual tab right here.
OK so we have this one right here and it's going to show you the builder settings.
OK builder default interaction mode history and table level builder interface and everything and then
we have this guy right here.
This and this.
If you just come here if you just click here you can see how desists to lead to action.
OK.
This is the grid mode.
OK so how this is going to work if I just click here you can see this is not coming if I just click
here again.
Then you can see these lines are coming.
That is separating every section.
OK.
If I just click here.
This is basically called the clock mode if I just click here you can see everything is coming right
here.
If I click here again this is gone.
So you can work with that.
And then we have the Hoover mode.
So how this whole Ramona's is going to work if you bring your mouse over here you can see this is coming.
OK.
And if you go to the click more than if you bring your mouse over here nothing is happening until you
click here.
And if you click here then these sections are going to appear.
So you can pretty well very this as well.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and just you know use the whole remote.
And then let's come here and move on to uncheck this ok cool.
And now we're done with the DV builder we have now create knowledge of the rebuilder be in the next
video build the we can do this later.
So stadium Guyse and.